0.  The JPEG file format supports over 16 million colors. A GIF is restricted to 256 colors.
    The PNG file format with 24 bit color can support over 16 million colors
    but can also support transparency in images. A BMP can also support as many colors as a 
    BMP as JPEG if using  24 bits to specify pixel color.
1.  The GIF file format supports animation.
2.  A lossy-compression means that a part of data is lost during 
    the compression process and cannot be recovered and the decompression
    process will not reproduce the exact image that was compressed and 
    thus image quality is affected. This loss of data does ot occur in 
    lossless compression.
3.  The JPEG format is lossy-compressed.
4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system, the operating system modifies 
    the filename to indicate that the file has been deleted and it moves all of 
    the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free clusters.
5.  To ensure that deleted files cannot be recovered, freely available tools can be
    used to sanitize the hard disk or the data on the hard disk can be encrypted. 
6.  stdint.h is a header file that defines various integer data types of different
    width - number of bits used to store the value of the integer.
7.  It hepls make the program more portable.
8.  A BYTE has a size of 1 byte, a DWORD and LONG take up 4 bytes and a 
    WORD has a size of 2 bytes.
9.  The first two bytes of a BMP file represent the file type and they must be BM. 
10. bfize is the size of the BMP file whereas biSize is the size of the structure
    BIMAPINFOHEADER. 
11. If biHeight is negative, it means that the origin of the file lies at the upper 
    left hand corner.
12. biBitCount tells us the number of bits per pixel.
13. fopen might return NULL if there is no legal memory allocated to the pointer outfile.
14. The third argument of fread is the number of elements to be read by it, which in our case is 1
    since a BMP file has a single BITMAPINFOHEADER and a single BITMAPFILEHEADER.
15. The value assigned to padding is 3, assuming the size of RGBTRIPLE is 3 bytes.
16. fseek sets the file pointer in a file to a position which is calculated by adding the
    provided offset to SEEK_CUR (current position) or to SEEK_SET (beginning of file) or
    SEEK_END (end of file).
17. SEEK_CUR tells us the current position of file pointer in the file that's reading data
    from the file.
18. Rob Bowden dun it.
